You still want to get drunk with this small amount of alcohol
Come
Tie me up
Wake up wake up
Hey hey
Princess, why haven't you slept yet?
Just a catty of wine wants to get this princess drunk
You are so brave
I actually want to get drunk on this princess
Take advantage of this princess
Princess no
I know wrong
But it's not all my fault.
Hmph, don't blame you, do you blame this princess?
How can I blame the princess?
Ask what love is in the world
Only teach people life and death
Piercing emptiness and more hatred
This hatred lasts
Princess, let's do it
Died at the hands of the princess
I... I died without regret
roll
Next time you want to provoke this princess again, you will never be a pedestrian
Princess Xie
Oh, no, princess.
I didn't say I was going to kill him
But I was tricked by him
I'm going to get him back